---
title: 'Ohma Tokita'
date: '2020-06-08'
---

Tokita Ohma (十鬼蛇 王馬, Tokita Ōma; "Ohma Tokita"), also known as The Asura (阿修羅, Ashura), is a man who loves to fight. He entered into the Kengan Association, fighting for the Nogi Group. During the Kengan Annihilation Tournament, Ohma fought for Yamashita Trading Co. with Yamashita Kazuo as his employer.

### History

During one point in his childhood, as a nameless youth, Ohma raced back to his residence after stealing from the yakuza. However, the yakuza came after him with one of their enforcers, Ando Jiro, pummeling him, despite Ohma's good showing. Seeing no other option, Ohma grabbed Ando and jumped out of the building they were in, much to Ando's sheer horror. Impressed by Ohma's sheer resolve, the yakuza's other enforcer, Tokita Niko, saved Ohma's life and offered to teach him his Niko Style.

While practicing the Niko Style, he continued his training by defeating a powerful man in a corner of "the Inside" under Niko's directions. Afterwards, Niko informed him that he was ready to learn the style's secret technique, which Niko noted would be a dangerous task. Agreeing, the two traveled to Gakigahara Forest where Niko explained that Ohma had to land a single hit on Niko while wearing weights on his wrists and ankles. With Niko noting that he wouldn't be holding back, the first session ended with Ohma getting beaten up badly. After the fight, Niko gave him a break, with Ohma trying to recover until sunrise, but Niko returned far sooner than Ohma expected and continued to beat him. Throughout the ordeal, despite Ohma gradually weakening and having to live off the environment, after nine days he eventually realized why he was wearing the weights to fight Niko, who was way stronger than him. The next day he managed to hit Niko. After that, the true battle began with Niko taking off his coat and his weights. With Ohma in a dire physical condition, he was able to achieve absolute focus, helping him counter Niko's techniques and avoid dangerous environmental occurrences. This resulted in Ohma finally realizing and unlocking the secret technique of the Niko Style, "Demonsbane". After the event, Ohma claimed he never hated his master for beating him so badly.

It was not long after he had learned the secret technique that the life-shaping event occurred in Ohma's past. With Ohma having only just recovered, he was interrupted by a mysterious man who called himself "the real Niko". With "the real Niko" revealing his knowledge of the Niko Style, he then quickly overwhelmed Ohma in a brief series of blows before bestowing the Possessing Spirit technique upon Ohma and telling him that a "god" now dwelt in him. Frustrated and bewildered, Ohma returned to normal before falling unconscious as the "real Niko" leaves, calling him the "Tiger's Vessel". Waking up later and searching for "the real Niko" in a rage, Ohma suddenly encountered Kiryu Setsuna. With Kiryu's words making no sense to Ohma, the latter tried to escape but was accosted by Kiryu who surprised Ohma with his usage of the Niko Style. With Kiryu forcibly unleashing Possessing Spirit within Ohma, Ohma went berserk and began to rampage. Nearly killing Kiryu, Niko suddenly arrived and managed subdue Ohma's rampage. While Ohma was passing out, he saw "the real Niko" had returned. When Ohma regained consciousness, he found his master lying on the ground, with the latter saving his last breath for Ohma. From that day forth, Ohma devoted his life to finding Genzan and killing him. 
